The goals of our 10/18/13 meeting are as follow:

Communication Strategies
========

List guidelines for good communication practices between us and our affiliated teams.

Requirements
========
Hash out some high-level requirements for our widget.
	TODO: Wait on Gary/Rodney's responses for requirements contact and constraints.

Gary has kindly started this list for us:

Vision
========

Have specific answers to each of the following questions:
Business needs:
1. Who is the audience? Who is the client? Who is the user?
	Ticket Master customers/visiters

2. What is the purpose of the application?
	Display price recommendations to TicketMaster 

3. How does this app aid the client? The user?
	Recommends tix resell pricing

1
-------- 
As the UI team, we need to serve a web page or widget of some sort to the client.
We need to run a server, using some kind of web platform. 
2
-------- 
As the UI team, we need to gather ticket data that we will show the user. 
We need to get the data from the other teams (Resale Yield Service). 
3
-------- 
As the UI team, we need to translate the data into a useful, informative, and probably a visually appealing way. 
We can think about and start researching on visual ways of representing the data. Bar graphs? Pie graphs? Line graphs?

TODO's:

Assignment by Monday
==========
[]* Project Timeline (Assigned to Sean)


Questions for Gary: CC: Rodney
==========
1. Who will be our point of contact acting as client?
2. Is this intended to be a standalone application/widget or can we assume that this would be integrated into existing pages?
3. What are our constraints/restrictions?